
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2017 Brian Connor McClellan

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


Academic Use Agreement

The Software itself, or any substantial portion of the Software, is not to be 
submitted as any student's work for credit at the University of Florida or any 
other academic institution. Under the UF Academic Honor Code, this consitutes 
plagiarism. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY ACADEMIC MISCONDUCT ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE
OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

University of Florida Honor Code

"We, the members of the University of Florida community, pledge to hold 
ourselves and our peers to the highest standards of honesty and integrity.
On all work submitted for credit by students at the university, the following 
pledge is either required or implied: On my honor, I have neither given nor 
received unauthorized aid in doing this assignment."

